It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important
ones you know until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone you know and you know it's not
it's you know measles plus and okay I can tolerate what you think about measles because you know not
that many people die from it it's just a big hassle in the end but no one when we have this
new pandemic that is you know got 75% mortality and it's not it's that there'll be no pretense
of being polite in the face of these beliefs it'll be a moral emergency because it has to be and this
is just sheer contingency as to whether we're in one condition or another I mean so so the next
thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of the of
America the American people is being used to create the crisis they need to divide and conquer us to
ruin maybe America I don't know crash the dollar I don't know steal the rest of our our what limited
treasury value we have left I don't know but I know for sure that they are combining our lack of
biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to
create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary and more
importantly never be possible just like the Patriot acted 911 highly profitable control mechanisms
based on immunity are the near term goal I believe this firmly now there are too many people talking
about it in the mainstream media hinting at it sound you hear is a single cicada there are no
crickets highly profitable control mechanisms I'm talking about apps that you have to have and maybe
even worse in order to cross state lines in order to go to work maybe in order to go to the store
you're going to have this happen so there's going to be technology that's need to be distributed
there's going to be laws that are going to be need to be passed there's going to be all kinds of
products that are need to be sold and the whole idea is going to be to sell you on the idea that
antibodies are the only evidence of immunity and the only way to get antibodies is to get this
vaccine because a lot of people of course are not showing long lasting antibody levels so even the
people who've been infected and that's what they're hyping right now is that you can get infected
again this is the narrative they're bringing to you so that they're going to tell you the only way
we're going to be sure is that if everybody gets vaccinated I should also point out that our viewers
will have noticed that we are sitting here unmasked and I should point out that actually we are in
an interesting sense a model of something that I believe is not on the public radar so if I'm
correct you Robert have had COVID I've had COVID and I've been fully vaccinated with Moderna all
right Steve you have been vaccinated fully vaccinated with Moderna all right I am unvaccinated but I am
on prophylactic ivermectin and the data actually shocking as this will be to some people the data
suggests that prophylactic ivermectin is something like 100% effective at preventing people from
contracting COVID when taken properly so aside from the risk that possibly the ivermectin I got wasn't
real and I have every reason to think it was it certainly appears to be the genuine article I
believe that what we have here is a demonstration of a kind of composite herd immunity where through
three different routes COVID vaccine and Ivermectin we are protected and you are doubly protected so I
would just say that for anybody who's enthusiastic about the vaccines if you're unconvinced by what we
have to say about the hazard of them one thing to consider is that the way to get society to herd
immunity and therefore drive COVID-19 to extinction which ought to be our goal the way to do it is to
get people into this category one way or the other whether that's through prophylaxis whether it's
through a vaccine or whether it's because they've had COVID already one could argue that if everybody
just took Ivermectin for a month worldwide really independent some will find the title that I have
given this episode perplexing I would ask them to stick with the episode through the end and I will
explain why I titled it as I did I really believe that actually we have the capacity at any moment
we decide to utilize it to end the pandemic and that it is it is well within reach should we choose to
see what is in front of us how's that look is that alright we got a little synchrony there hopefully we
have a little sink and we're ready to go it was a very phony three part play indeed very phony
three part play thank you very much good sink here we go
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're
essentially a worst case scenario I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with
essentially a worst case scenario
mark at a head of a good video this morning at about 7 45 or 7 30 Eastern Standard Time you
got to be a real wide awake if you're gonna follow mark and try to catch him live that was
that was some some sticking and moving very good
video is going on French British Italian Japanese television people everywhere are starting to listen to him it's embarrassing
time follow my structure keep it clean touch gloves if you wish let's do it
this is so crazy like this is so crazy I feel so nervous like what in the world man
so we are still trying to dispel this enchantment because the illusion is still coming on strong
the latest thing is a woman by the name of Emily cop who works for the US right to know and they
have acquired some new new FOIA documents that have convinced them that they have really solved the
mystery once and for all the Scooby-Doo mystery is solved and the bad guys have but unmasked and we can
cook our muckoo guy pan but I don't think we can I don't think it's time for a celebration I don't
think it's time for Chinese food just yet and that's that's what I'm most concerned about I don't think
we're ready for that yet I'm a little bit behind on this little slide deck but that's all right we are
trying not to mislead the young around here and we're trying to make everybody aware of this this
intentional manipulation conscious and intelligent manipulation of our habits and our opinions because
that's why we're here it's not because of a spreading RNA pathogen that's not why we're here
it's really not it's because listen here buddy poke poke poke listen here buddy it's because some
people don't see even when they're shown even when they're shown I don't see anyone else able to
see that head flying around or did I add that in there for nothing can you see that that guy coming
okay I hope someone could see that I heard a really interesting discussion between watching
the theater today watching the theater today and I listened to a very interesting discussion
between Brett Weinstein and this guy Marek no malice and they discussed whether or not Bobby
Kennedy was a sociopath and Brett Weinstein is making a pretty hard argument for for Bobby being
a good candidate for president it's a really interesting time it's a really interesting time
because I have brushed I am I have shaken hands with a lot of interesting people during this drama
and not a lot of them have a great reaction to me I guess I've got some kind of some kind of
negative polarity about me maybe it's the patch clamp physiology that's still stuck in my hands I am a
patch clamp Jedi master retired and Giga ohm is a term from that kind of biology that kind of
investigation and that's why I've also named my website Giga ohm biological and you can also find
me to chat at Giga ohm.bio you can find my confession at the Scooby-Doo link up there at the top you can
also find a one-time support link they're a a schedule down here at the bottom that isn't
updated yet because they're and a place to leave a voicemail you could send me an email and you
can also subscribe and right now we are on a campaign to try and get that number of subscribers
up around a thousand because I think that's what we need to swing this this bat repeatedly nine
innings a night five games a week and so far I've got quite a few people on board with this idea
since I've started to ask for it I have been working for children's health defense and before that I
was a private consultant for Bobby on his book and so I haven't been asking for support that much
over the last year or so and starting on January 4th I've decided while my family's decided that
we're going to need some money and so we are not taking unemployment we did not sign an NDA and
take the eight thousand dollar severance pay but we put ourselves in the hands of people like Greg
James and others and so far so good but really if this is going to be a sustainable thing I need
some people to subscribe to take the risk have given me ten bucks a month and you know you do it
for lots of other people at least some people do and so I don't think it's a crazy thing
to think that gig home biological can establish a sort of independent bright web
you know and a thousand people on the internet it's not that many and I know I know that we can
share it enough to get to get it far enough for this to be meaningful enough to enough people
so that this is sustainable I just know it so if we can just fix this problem
that would be really great this this idea that a laboratory or bad cave virus zone knows this
happened five years ago or four full years ago I'm sure we can fix this I'm sure we can crack this
faith thank you
I'm sure we can crack this faith
got to explain the biology of course that would underlie a background signal we got to explain
the biology that might underlie a hot PCR background we got to explain the biology where
sequencing might might be able to pull some of these signals up we can't just say it's all
it's all an illusion because that's really a cop out that's really not possible we haven't
been looking at nothing for the last 50 years
now we could be very very wrong don't get me wrong that we could be very very wrong about what
viruses or virus and virology is I guarantee we are but the idea that there is no signal at this
times at this size scale that there are no genetic noise signals at this size scale is a pretty bold
assumption at this stage I think it's more likely that there are signals at this size scale that have
been then confounded as as as pathogens have been distorted as pathogens when in fact there's
probably a whole a whole bouquet of of of living signals at that timescale where where
tissues are communicating with other tissues and and even conspecifics are communicating with
other conspecifics so we're going to break this I guarantee we're going to break this
this is we got we got let it off at the side of the road and we got into the wrong car because
there was no car to get into it's been only very recently that I've been able to come in contact
with somebody like Jessica Hockett actually find somebody who has corroborative evidence from a
completely different angle that this elephant is as big as we think it is a lot like Mark Koolack
and I found ourselves kind of coming at this elephant from very different sides and then also
seeing the biology from very different sides but seeing the same thing it's been a lot of fun
and also terrifying because there is a spectacular commitment to lies that we come up against every
time we think we're trusting somebody it turns out that they're I don't like the word I know Eddie
doesn't like the word but you know they're liars they're people that are are absolutely committed
and they'll lie right to your face sometimes for a whole week long boat cruise off the coast of
Turkey they'll lie right to a whole boat full of people's face that's what I'm talking about
so we are over the target here at Gigo and biological it is the 31st of January it looks like I got
my stream uh labeled right here on the slide but not right on twitch I'll fix that on the post
edit trying to pound down a little bit this peppermint tea here and get my voice back
let me switch over to the main
good evening ladies and gentlemen this is Gigo and biological a high resistance low noise
information brief brought to you by a biologist my name is Jonathan Cooley I am that biologist
coming to you live from Pittsburgh in the back of my garage it is again as I said the 31st of
January 2024 you are lucky enough to see me at the one rare occasion every once in a while where
I'm wearing my my favorite basketball jersey the Larry Bird Indiana state number 33
I don't know why I'm wearing I know why I'm wearing and I went to the gym tonight and the
boys team was going to be there and so I've been I've been wearing my jerseys when I go to
go to shoot around with them and so this is the independent this is the independent bright web
um I don't know who else is a member of the independent bright web but it it ain't me
it made me alone um but uh yeah there there are uh
there are lots of people out there that are misleading the young and we need to stop that
from happening we need to start to teach the young that there is this machine out there and
what is this machine we need to teach them this I'm going to drop this out
we need to teach them about this machine they need to understand that this machine is there
that it is targeting them through their phone but also through the television also through these
algorithms and they need to understand that this is not a machine that just recently came into
existence because AI is now helping us it's not a machine that recently came into existence
because we started censoring a few people like Robert Malone and Alex Berenson
it is a machine that has been in place since the 20s and been ever honed and perfected
and now it has come into a new level of power with respect to social media and then us being
left on the side of that road at the start of the pandemic with only social media and mainstream
media to feed us our reality and so if there was ever a time when this invisible government
was in charge it's now
what do I got here coming up for slides am I supposed to be down there already I guess
I'm supposed to be down there already
so that's where we are right the principle of informed consent has been ignored for the
duration of the pandemic the way they got away with it is because they've controlled the narrative
they've controlled who's in front of you they've controlled the people that you see the arguments
that you listen to and the debates that you think you participate in in your head
and by doing so the spread of bad ideas has become much more dangerous than the spread of any RNA
molecules that's for sure sure
and there are some good ideas spreading around too uh social octopova seems to be
picked up on the idea that this could be largely a fake PCR pandemic a fake pandemic with protocols
she's picked up on the idea that um it could be poisoning she's picked up on the idea that uh
there are lab leaks before so there could be a hot background
she's picked up on the idea that number of the participants are winning and unwitting
participants it's not all people going along with it which is really nice
she's a little bit harsh on on Bobby because he's not quite there yet with the no pandemic thing
which is also pretty cool and then of course she reminds everybody of James Giordano as far as I'm
concerned I should just step off my work is done here except she doesn't really cover the
infectious clone idea the swarm idea and the implication that what that means is that pandemics
can't really occur and I think that's where we are at this very moment this spec in time this
moment in history in giga ohm biological and in this pandemic narrative that's where we are
we have people who believe that there is biology of a coronavirus quasi-species swarm which support
the idea of pandemic spread there are people that support the idea that if you made clones that they
would spread and there are people who have the idea that nothing spread nothing can move nothing
is of high enough fidelity to spread and this is all a hoax and so in reality we haven't moved
very far because the people are always trying to force me and all of us to decide whether
we're no virus people oh I thought you were a no virus person is what I heard this morning before
I got out of bed I checked my phone and one of the first things that I heard was that somebody
thought I was a no virus person somebody that I'd already had email contact with previous months
and had this exact argument before that saying that clones are a way of getting a viral sequence
to be in the same place all around the world at the same time and cause the illusion of mass spread
it's not the same thing as saying you're in a no virus team
and yet half the people jump to that conclusion and the other half of the people jump to the
conclusion that you think it was released everywhere and they put it in the engines of airplanes in
its chemtrails and that's how they spread it all around the world is with chemtrails for years
or something like that and so we're gonna have to become really good at it or because we can't
rely on these people to get the idea right these people are too busy working hard and dying rich
and so the pandemic was created with a previous scientific program scheduled of
publications and grant applications and and potential pre-pandemic potential viral results
also with exercises at the government levels to make sure that these people understood that
the potential was being created that a potential had been identified and then at the start of the
pandemic you had to have a team of people that was ready to make sure that the consequences
of the lockdowns and the consequences of the protocol changes and the consequences of the
do not resuscitate orders and all of these things would be confounded with the consequences of the
spread of this worst case scenario gain a function virus we're not sure but it sure seems that way
although we can't tell anybody on tv that yet
and so on top of that of course everybody that was read in everybody that understood where we were
from a national security perspective was already locked into a narrative they couldn't actually
tell you what they thought they had to stick to the worst case scenario because that's the way
they were going to get compliance that was part of the plan and so it's totally okay from the
perspective of the US government and from the whatever sort of national security i keep saying
national security priority because i don't even really know what to call it but but to have a
team worst case scenario of actors in places all around the internet making sure that when somebody
asked you said well a billion people could be dead and the knock on consequences of a billion
people dying with all the families and working and companies it could be just devastating the
whole economy could collapse of course i had somebody telling me that in private streams for
five weeks straight at the beginning of the pandemic and so after four continuous you to
continuous years of this in our fifth year most mouth breathing skilled tv watchers have
come to the conclusion that the virus and the spike protein transfection are basically capable
of hurting you in many of the same ways and it's unfortunate that we rushed it it's unfortunate
that we didn't know back then that this was a laboratory gain of function virus otherwise we
probably wouldn't have used the spike protein which was a gain of function protein
that's where we are with this thing that's where where the the skilled tv watching people are they
have not gotten to the stage where they understand the biology which underpins these statements
not even close
and so again it's about this pandemic potential that's accessible in laboratories in order to
invert our sovereignty i know our freedom to permissions these people are involved in it
there is a network of people pentagon driven governance that was in place before the pandemic
that was just just activated at the start of the pandemic to control the narrative so we were here
uh i don't know a half a year ago already where we found these endo nucleus fingerprints
indicating a synthetic origin of SARS-CoV-2 i wrote an article with uh robert f Kennedy jr and a
guy by the name of charles rixie who actually fell asleep in the middle of the night and didn't
really help write this article but he was invited to be an author on it and we didn't bother to take
him off and here is an article that i wrote where the diffuse proposal
diffuse proposal which is a leaked darpa proposal supposedly submitted by eco health alliance in
2018 or 2019 before the pandemic about engineering coronaviruses with fear and cleavage sites these
this signature that for almost a year and a half we argued about whether or not that signature
indicated that it was a lab leaked virus fauci absolutely denied it christian christian
anderson absolutely denied it all kinds of people argued about it for a year and a half
then comes out this paper about the endo nucleus fingerprint that might indicate that it's a lab
oriented or originated virus and so we wrote a paper about it it was like a really big deal
we had to write it right now we wanted to get it out and get it ahead of everybody
we got the nocium methodology in here
and so i know what this was about i knew that this was sort of hand in hand with the diffuse
proposal which i had already argued for many many months had to be fake
and it was a very very convenient set of words on a piece of paper actually in a pdf without
metadata that made it very convenient story about everything that they had said for a year and a
half about what were the circumstantial evidence for it to be a lab leak and then lo and behold
look what i found i found a list of things that the bad guys were going to do and their whole plan
is written right here and so when it first came out i kept saying this and when they wrote we wrote
this paper i was still saying it behind the scenes i was still trying at this stage at this time
was when i figured out what clones really were and i was able to really explain it for the first
time and i didn't get it in this article stay tuned it says on the bottom didn't get it in the book
as well as i wanted to but it's in the book and it doesn't matter because cena bovari has written
it up in his own peer-reviewed paper you know and there are and there are reviews from the 90s that
say why infectious clones are so valuable to RNA virology
and so that's really what's ruined my life not speaking out what's what's ruined my life is
speaking out about the diffuse proposal and calling it a fake what's really ruined my life is calling
the diffuse proposal a fake because clones don't do that RNA doesn't do that you can make clones
and spray it into bad caves it's totally okay some of those bats might even get viruses and they
might even express and they might even inoculate the bats or whatever they want to do my work
that's not going to cause a pandemic no way no how you could get a truckload of it you could
put it in different places and tell people that a pandemic was underway
but but you can't create one you can't spill enough in one place for it to go
everywhere on earth and it's interesting because about a week ago Robert Malone promoted Kevin
McCurnan talking about diffuse and the endo nuclei sites and emily cops release from uh sorry
a foria request fulfillment um while working for us right to know so did ark medic so did the
unacceptable jessica rose and so i find it really cool because i've been working on trying to get
RNA and RNA clones to be real again and these people are working really hard to make diffuse
real again and diffuse is important because diffuse is basically the way that they're going to try
and cover up this whole mess diffuse is going to be a way for them to sort of say checkmate
you don't want to argue about it but it this this document that's what they're going to argue
this document makes makes the origin of the virus the ultimate or not the ultimate but the most
important the most important issue and so once the diffuse proposal becomes real
and the likelihood of it being a manufactured pandemic that then spread around the world and
is still spreading and we might be stuck with it forever then it becomes something that needs
to be solved from the perspective of who did this who leaked this who who broke this
and we're going to be stuck in this hamster wheel for another five years
but if we break this now if we break this faith in a novel virus if we break this idea that
I just heard I think we're going to hear it here again when we watch these things I think I heard
2017 million people how many million people was it I mean it's going to blow your mind what we hear
here so where we are is we're trying to solve this we're trying to stop ourselves from getting
sucked into solving this mystery we're trying to pull people out of solving this mystery and now
I'm going to show you two different interviews with the same person who I think practically might
as well either be Velma or Daphne instead of calling her Emily we should call her Velma or Daphne
because she is solving this Scooby-Doo mystery and she can barely keep up the details
she's barely got a grasp on them she can put the words in the right order but if you had to get her
on a whiteboard and have her explain it in three different sets of words it would be pretty tough
so let's see what we're gonna do let's see what we got I'm not trying to to to jam uh jam her
up or anything like that I'm just saying she's a young lady um she doesn't know that much about
virology she's not a biologist and so sometimes you can hear just clinging clinging to it barely
able to explain it so this one is from five days ago and then the next one will be from four days
ago what's going on why is that not sounding joining us now is Emily cops she's a reporter
at us right to know she's done some of the best work that there is on the lab leak hypothesis on
that investigation she's joining us now for our latest report thank you so much for joining us
Emily great to be here absolutely so we've covered your work here for a long time and we have one
of your latest that we can put up there on the screen let's see it us scientists proposed to make
viruses with unique features of SARS-CoV-2 in Wuhan all right so uh it's a headline of which is
you know we've got a little bit of uh some jargon in there unique features SARS-CoV-2 I think that's
COVID Wuhan I think I'm a little bit familiar some of our viewers probably know but just break this
down for the average person they have a little bit of familiarity with COVID with the lab leak
and more what did you find in this report he's so out of place that's a little bit of an understated
headline I'll give you that but um takeaway is origins of COVID solved question mark
basically what we found is that some of the most unusual features of the SARS-CoV-2 genome
the things that made SARS-CoV-2 SARS-CoV-2 the most pathogenic virus of the last 100 years
were I mean they're very rare in nature but they were essential to the esoteric research
kidding me of the what did she just say central
the most unusual features of the SARS-CoV-2 genome the things that made SARS-CoV-2 SARS-CoV-2
the most pathogenic virus of the last 100 years has she been talking to Charles Rixie
holy cow what was that the most pathogenic virus in the last 100 years wow what a way to open this
interview holy ships were I mean they're very rare in nature but they were central to the
esoteric research interests of the top coronavirus virologists in the world Ralph Barrick and the
top coronavirus collectors in the world Peter Dasek and you know the who wants yeah they were
coronavirus collectors coronavirus collectors were caught red-handed what is she talking about
to the virology we also found that while these scientists told the US government that they were
going to be doing this high-risk virology at UNC under relatively strict biosafety protocol they
were actually going to secretly be outsourcing much of this research to the Wuhan Institute of
Virology under an inadequate biosafety level essentially in order to save on costs and to be able to do
the work more quickly so you know obviously that is very concerning yeah yeah I would say so let's
let's talk about the the Alex Washburn at all pre-print that kind of led that led to this reporting
that you did and so we can go back to Bob Gary to who's a to Lane University virologist who
people might recall was involved in this that first kind of famous in now infamous conference
call with Anthony Fauci February second or fourth or whatever between the first and the fourth where
the virologists all at the beginning are leaning towards a lab leak and by the end of it are
pronouncing and organizing public statements and articles saying that there couldn't have been a
lab leak and everybody is crazy who thinks it is so Bob Gary at the time observed the makeup
of COVID-19 and identified some unusual features of it which takes us to the Washburn paper so
what would Bob Gary find and how important was that to your reporting? Sure so I'll start out with
what is I think indisputable at this point from our reporting and then I'll get into the more
controversial indisputable here we go the stuff that's indisputable is that the
scientists working with the Wuhan Institute of Virology were interested in making engineered
viruses in the lab and testing whether they could infect human receptors and their so-called gold
standard would be to identify viruses that could cause disease they were also knowledgeable about
two things that could essentially supercharge a coronavirus into that gold standard of something
that could cause disease in human, humanized mice and those two features were a fear and cleavage
site at the S1S2 junction of the spike protein and a receptor binding domain that was very good at
latching on to a receptor called ACE2 and when SARS-CoV-2 first came out those
virologists who initially said privately oh no this looks engineered and then came out with a
paper that said if you think that this is engineered here no one of the things that I find very
frustrating here and I'm gonna I'm gonna do this on I don't think this is um
probably didn't turn that on yet um one of the things I find frustrating here is this discussion
about what Wuhan engineers wanted what Wuhan um what Wuhan virologists wanted she says that
they wanted to test engineered viruses now all that means is that they were making everybody
else was making anyone that works on RNA viruses has to make clones and they were doing it other
people did it all IR RNA virologists are eventually making clones so they were making clones of the
viruses that they were finding in the wild when they could find them that doesn't make them
necessarily any spookier than any of the other virologists that are doing this kind of stuff
they're making clones Ralph Barrick works on clones maybe he doesn't find them maybe he just
imagines them maybe computer generates them whatever the she's these people were making clones and
then they were using humanized mice is like oh it's always the same humanized mice are not that big
a deal they are a cheap way of making a mouse model of disease that is more likely to show
disease and so part of the mouse model trick is again making this this sort of simplification
of a disease model that can get you grants over and over and and create this illusion and this
is the big deal create the illusion of pandemic potential so if we think then about what she lists
she lists the fear and cleavage site and she lists ace to affinity the ace to affinity argument
is so frustrating to me because it is so disingenuous for all of these people who are not virologists
and in fact kevin mccernan also makes this argument in his uh sub-stack comments where he calls my
ideas chemtrail retarded he says that the ace to affinity was was enhanced in order to increase
its infectivity or its transmissibility or whatever and it's so weird because before the pandemic
there is no discussion about a how shall i say it there's no discussion about some kind of gradient
that has an exponentially increasing affinity which can result in an exponentially increasing
infectivity transmissibility or virulence it's either it works on the receptor or it doesn't work on
the receptor virologists before the pandemic are absolutely positively not concerned at all
about the relative affinity and they're not concerned about the fact that well the affinity
could increase and then that will make the virus more dangerous it's a yes or no question either
it neutralizes or it doesn't either it it it it is culturable and it's passagable or it's not
and so i find it in retrospect extremely dubious looking back on how we were so encouraged to discuss
the affinity of the ace to receptor or the affinity for the ace to receptor and we were
supposed to compare it across like well we compared all these different ace to receptors and this one
is like so perfect for human no one ever discussed this possibility before the pandemic people talked
about it changing from able to infect one animal to able to infect another but the idea that there
was this okay now it can infect ace to and then now it's got more affinity and it's even more
dangerous and now it's got more affinity and it's even more dangerous this concept doesn't exist
before 2020 and she's not a virologist so for some reason or another she's she's regurgitating
this idea even though it has no basis in biology and interestingly enough at the same time a little
bit farther behind the scenes in the dissident world there are four bloggers for substackers
excuse me who are all talking about it the idea that we need to make diffuse real again
and one of them even mentioned ace to affinity as a way of increasing infectivity it's so
so strange it's so strange
crazy they were privately very concerned about these two features if you're in an image site at the
s1s2 and the fact that it was sort of immediately very good at infecting human cells and so
the documents that we obtained show they lay out their plan to create a model where they could
create engineered viruses with these features that we later see in SARS-CoV-2 but that are
exceedingly rare in nature so that that all is indisputable at this point I think there have
been people you know people like Robert Gary who have really nitpicked and said well it's not a
fear and cleavage site at the s1s2 it's a fear and cleavage site at the s1 or s2 but
you know the new documents we obtained make it very explicit that they were interested in
precise so one of the things she just said there were these were features that are exceedingly
rare in nature so before the pandemic we didn't have millions of coronavirus sequences
it was very hard to get a full sequence and in fact one of the methodological
advances that that that Ralph Barrett brought to the field was putting together a minimum
coronavirus genome that could be used as a basis for substitution from and if you found a
n protein and an s protein in a in a sample you could create a whole functional coronavirus from
those two proteins by just substituting the other 24 that are required for assembly
and and virulence or assembly and infectivity replication competence could be engineered in
other words so so exceedingly rare features this doesn't really you know it doesn't really make
sense because we don't have we don't have some kind of you know weather balloons all over the world
that are constantly reporting viral sequences to us all the time and they really would like you to
believe that that's the case that they just have all these sequences and they're always there all
the time and I think that's part of Kevin McCurnan schtick as well he wants you to believe that
you know it's like the Hollywood movies and and uh you know they have they can sample a million
viruses from the subway every hour or something I mean it's it's all this this this implic this
they imply such a degree of fidelity of understanding that they don't have and they've clearly they've
clearly convinced her that they have this fidelity of understanding these guys are clearly not
sophisticated enough to to understand that they don't have this fidelity of understanding
and more importantly they aren't they don't have the background I mean that guy just needs a job
it looks like to me. Lee viruses like SARS-CoV-2 the Alex Washburn paper that you mentioned around
restriction sites I think that's a little bit more controversial and requires a little bit more
scientific inquiry but what they found in 2022 is that a pattern of restriction sites and restriction
sites are essentially little bits of code that occur in the genome that can be used in the lab to
engineer new viruses but they also can occur naturally but what they found they did a
statistics around how likely is it that we would see this precise pattern and they found it to be
very unlikely and so the new documents that we have so you can see right she's just barely able to
process how this works and because she's just barely able to process it and because
she's been made to feel like she's responsible for putting the pieces together she's convinced
herself that again a function virus did circulate the globe for the last four years that they did
cover it up and that did she did figure it out and that the only logical conclusion to come to
is that we hit we did make it we were intending to make it they they made it and then this happened
and she's very convinced she's barely she can barely feel the jungle gym in the dark but she
knows where all the hand holds are and she can move from one end of the room to the other in the dark
on the jungle gym because she has figured it all out but she's under the impression that there is
a never-ending abyss underneath her when in reality it's a padded floor that's about six
inches from her feet and so as she struggles over that jungle gym in the dark to get from one side
of the room to the other to demonstrate that she understands it she thinks that she's really just
you know wow this is an amazing feat you understand something that is so high level and if you make
just one mistake you're going to fall and it's just going to be a plummet to humiliation
and so she is so carefully trying to explain this right now making sure that she doesn't make any
mistakes I don't want to overextend but oh my gosh the things we know for certain are that they
wanted to engineer viruses that could cause disease the thing we know for sure is that they were
going to use humanized mice to evaluate whether they could cause disease which she thinks means
all kinds of terrible things but it doesn't it means that they're going to use clones
in mice that express human receptors probably not in a naturally equivalent way to the way that
mice would use these receptors of their own and therefore whatever disease model they've created
with those mice is wholly inappropriate to understand what goes on with any of these kinds of things
in humans if they are not even real and so they've worked on fear and cleavage and ace to affinity
in order to create a gain of function virus and they added these exceedingly rare features
using endonuclease restriction restriction endonucleases and one or two in particular because
they're very special she didn't explain that very well but the gist of it is is that some
endonucleases cut at very specific places with very specific ends because the ends are where the
cut site occurs and then other enzymes cut at a certain cut site but then away from the recognition
site and so if I was to explain that to you as best I can in a cartoon
um what I would do is something like this um you have two strands of DNA here
and you will have a sequence of some sort like this yes and so an endonuclease could cut
an end which looked which cut here
like that so then this was where the the recognition sequence was and then this is the cut that it
makes and so if it makes this cut like this then you're left with sticky ends that look like this
and more importantly there are sticky ends that have certain bases here because the certain bases
are here so if the recognition site was a c g t for example i'm just making this up
then where it cuts is a c g t and so that leaves it like an a here right and it will leave like a
c g t here and then it will leave whatever is over here and whatever is over here so this cut space
that's for this enzyme is the recognition site is the cut and so unless you want to put this
exact sequence and cut this exact sequence into your DNA this one's kind of specific i mean you
can use them and there are lots of enzymes that cut this way but they're they're more specific
scissors that cut a specific shape as a result of the fact that the recognition site is also the
cut site now what berry has specialized in and what i've figured out over the last few days of
trying to you know get my get my britches underneath me here with regard to arguing about this stuff
and knowing what i'm talking about i got to turn the page here it's just off is that there are some
enzymes that will that will will recognize a sequence here but then they'll actually cut here
whoops i just bumped the camera and so if they cut here what that means is is that you can
engineer the cut recognition site next to the site that you want to protect you see and so now
that using enzymes that cut like this where the sticky ends that are produced are variable
because the recognition site is not where it cuts and so if this is a sentence like you know
if this is the the sentence that says a quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog and it
recognizes a quick brown fox but cuts at the lazy dog then you can make another sentence where
it says a quick brown fox um a to a rare steak and so now you've got a cut here that's at a
rare steak instead because it started with um the the the quick brought the quick fox or whatever
i can i'm sorry i'm confusing myself now trying to use a sentence off the top of my head so you
have two kinds of have endonuclease you have an endonuclease that cuts at the recognition site and
therefore the the sticky ends are very specific and they're not variable but barrack discovered
a way excuse me uh that was the um pennsylvania department of health phone number don't think i
splash something interesting there um barrack discovered a way of using endonuclease sites whose
recognition site is separate from the cut site which means that allows you to you make more flexible
ends and more importantly you can make more specific ends those ends here that are specific
for each cut because again you're just and you're going to engineer this cut site into the places
where you want to cut to happen but the where the cut happens is unique because it comes after
the recognition site what that means is is that if you wanted to ligate five pieces of DNA together
then all you have to do is put this this flexible recognition site right here and each one of these
pieces will cut a unique end that will always stick together in only this way because this end
will only fit with this end because the word that comes after the cut site here is going to be
different than here and if you were using a specific enzyme like this one then the cut site would be
the same the cut site would be the same at every one of these junctions and then the the whole genome
wouldn't assemble correctly but if you use one of these endonuclease is that the recognition site
is separate from the cut site then the ends are flexible and the ends are specific and so then
you can ligate all with one enzyme and so that was what was really neat about what she is found
or what they found with their supposedly with their scooby-doo with their scooby-doo
foyas is that they got more information which seemed to indicate that not only did this did this
what did I have did I have this up not only did this this paper found regularly spaced
right regularly spaced regularly spaced endonuclease sites but also regularly spaced endonuclease
sites that were of this nonspecific um recognition site separate from the cut site type enzyme
really how barrack set this stuff up and so it seems very logical that this must be evidence of
it being a cloned virus and I'm not arguing with that at all what I'm arguing with is that if this
is a cloned virus does that mean that this RNA can spread around the world at high fidelity and
high speed has the most pathogenic virus in a hundred years no I do not I think the whole concept
of the most pathogenic RNA in a hundred years is absurd and they've got her believing it and
they've got her explaining it to them and they've got her explaining it to thousands and thousands
maybe millions of viewers that's the problem oops that was not the right one this is the right
one no that's not the right one come on Jay learn your setup wait it should be this one yeah okay
sorry then I had to get out of this there we go I maybe I'm taking too long but I want you to
understand what they're doing with this synthetic viruses with these restriction enzymes in six
pieces which is what the washburn paper found and they also include a budget line for one of these
specific restrictions right let's talk stop there talk sorry about that so the paper says okay
there's these six different you know whatever they are and they basically predicted okay if you
were going six different one you would need would be this one particular this is one got five but
there would be six thousands of enzymes commercially that are available to do this research and what
you found is that they in fact did purchase that enzyme and did use this you know for which see so
now he's saying that of the thousands of ends is probably hundreds of the hundreds of of restriction
and the nucleus is available they identified one and this one is also one that they ordered now
what I need you to understand is that they there are about six or eight of these enzymes that would
qualify very well for this no-seum technique and if you go back into barracks of literature
you'll find that previous papers used different enzymes for doing for accomplishing the same thing
and so I don't think the enzyme is that important I don't think that it matters I just
what I think and I need to be very clear about it is is that this was the plan all along
the plan all along was to fool us into thinking that we had solved this mystery by getting the
diffuse proposal and understanding that the diffuse proposal represented pandemic potential
it represented a guy like like like Peter Dasek getting so cocky as to think that he could spray
viruses into bad caves with fear and cleavage sites in them and she's believing it I was
believing it four years ago I'm not believing it now I'm trying to break this mythology
these guys are trying to to expound on it this is the spellcasting in real time right now this
is how they did it this is how they're doing it suggests that they're doing the exact thing that
was predicted so not only do you have a regression analysis that shows the chance of this being
formed naturally is you know infinitesimally small but then they then they add a prediction
on top of it that you would need this particular enzyme and the chance that they actually then
purchased that and it all being a coincidence takes it from infinitesimally small to me to
impossible to be anything other than a smoking gun so why is it still considered somewhat
controversial even among you know some people who have always who have recently been saying yeah
I I believe I lean toward a lab leak but I want to see more scientific inquiry on this
yeah it's sort of hard for us laypeople to evaluate because it does require knowledge of
statistics and of bioengineering so the number of people who can really evaluate these claims I
think is pretty small but some scientists who are that's what they want you to believe they
want you to believe that it's so stupid complicated that you might as well just leave it to the experts
and we are never doing that again please understand that at giga ohm biological we are never doing
that again there is nothing that's too complicated nothing is too difficult to be explained to us
if it's that complicated then you better be able to explain that or you don't understand it and
that's one of the ways that you can really see that some of these people are burning themselves
because they come out and they throw stupid complicated for an hour and after an hour you
don't know any more than you did before the hour started and I don't think that happens very often
here now correct me if I'm wrong but I don't think that happens very often here more skeptical
like Alina Chan they basically point oh my gosh who is who are who can really evaluate these claims
I think is pretty small but some scientists who are a bit more skeptical like Alina Chan they
basically point to other viruses in nature that Alina Chan is a person without a CV
who had no reason to be talking about sequences in May of 2020
and yet had a preprint that showed that the that the virus was not changing at all and I think
it's kind of a mistake because it hasn't actually been ever formally published just like the end
of the nucleus paper hasn't been formally peer reviewed published yet so it's a little strange
where we are right now it's it's a little strange where we are but Alina Chan sold a book is selling
a book um and Alina Chan do I have that book I don't think I have that book Eddie I don't
Eddie I don't think you sent me Alina Chan's book yeah did you did I get that book already
I don't think I did um
I thought I had it but maybe I don't anyway the point is she's selling a book and it's a book about
a lab leak it's probably terrible compared to Bobby's book um but it is a book that she was written
right and written and sold very early on and then she got a permanent appointment at the broad
Institute or the Broad Institute um and I believe uh Eric Lander is the head of that
Institute and I think Eric Lander also worked in the White House um at the start of the Biden
administration um and charge a science or something like that and um I think Eric Lander was also
Kevin McCurnan's first uh you know like he was kind of Kevin was kind of his protege it's it's
interesting small little circle of people trying to protect the idea that coronaviruses are very
high fidelity circulating pathogens in the background all the time but not really just now
very similar to SARS-CoV-2 having similar restriction sites then you get kind of another layer of
complexity which is that there is a debate about how many silent mutations you would see around
these sites in nature versus in the lab um and so I think that's something that scientists need to
duke out I think another um I guess just a cautionary word I've heard is that Ralph Barrick this
coronavar virologist who was working very closely with the Wuhan Institute of Virology he was known
for doing this sort of work without any of these sort of markings without leaving the restriction
sites in um he patented no-seum technology no-seum being the name of a insect. I'm not sure that
it's patented um I hate it when people say that and they don't know and I don't think it's patented
um he nicknamed his invention no-seum you see that there that's what I wrote in my article he
nicknamed his invention no-seum I don't think it's patented and these are the kinds of things that
really that implies a lot and what it implies which is really annoying is that no other
molecular biologist could have come up with this idea that no other molecular biologist
understood that using these kinds of of enzymes could hide your your linkage sites that's just
that's just ridiculous and that's why I didn't like writing this article and trying to blame it on
on Ralph Barrick because using restriction endonucleases to assemble a coronavirus genome
should be considered like baking a cake once you show everybody how to make angel food cake and
you give the recipe to everyone if an angel food cake shows up in China it doesn't mean that that
baker was there and this is not a very complicated kind of recipe for a molecular biology lab to
link different DNA molecules together by unique sticky ends that's what they do
so this doesn't implicate him any more than a cake implicates a particular baker in Pittsburgh
now you might be able to trace it to somebody if they have a particular recipe yada yada yada
that's fine I get it but the technique and what's written in the diffuse proposal inserting fear
and cleavage sites and this kind of thing where's the technique there what why I don't get it
so the technique is in the viral sequence that was reported to us from China
but in the diffuse proposal they use the technique or they don't they were gonna make clones or they
weren't because that's where this starts to get really hairy because they they want you to pay
attention to the diffuse proposal but they don't really want you to pay attention to it
because if you really pay attention to it then you see that RNA virology is done using infectious
clones synthetic RNA virology is RNA virology there is no other you don't go out in the wild
and get viruses and then keep them growing in your lab and have all different stocks in little bottles
and and and keep the lights on keep feeding them that's not how this works
these are molecular constructs that can be passaged for a time if they start out pure
because that's the trick that nobody wants you to know that's the trick that even the no virus
people don't want to accept as possible that if you made self-replicating RNA that some cells
might package it up if you gave them the right sub-genomic RNA in the right in the right uh
proportions and that's what i'm figuring out over these last few days they already know these
proportions they already know how it works and when they can't get a viral construct to form
they just add a few things and then it works just fine we are going to win this argument there is
no doubt in my mind we are going to win this argument and maybe we are going to be the ones
that carry this football over the over the goal line where a pandemic isn't possible
and where the only way this molecular signal could be real is if they used clones to do it but
it didn't mean that they did i don't need to argue that they did but if people like kevin
mccernan want to say that these signals are real that these pcr tests find something that
these sequences are almost all real things the only way that's possible is with clones
and not every one of them is clones of course they're not clones of course
not every one of them is clones but this started with clones it started with
seeding a perfect viral sample in a few places with perfect fidelity with those other viral samples
if it's spread a little ways all the better
this insistence that this is a real thing this insistence that this is a real thing
over and over again no one no one seems clever enough to consider the possibility that maybe they
would lie with a document that that would only take one or two people not pulling in the tug of
war for all these people to be fooled one or two people not pulling in the tug of war results in
all of these people being fooled in fact it's as simple as the guy leaking the document being
fooled by the it person who put it there it's that simple
but i don't think it's that simple because some of these people have to be clever enough to know
because i've told them already i've talked to jessica about this not being real
i've talked to them about the circumstances in which it was released i talked to them about the
why is it that the major murphy who released this to veritas also released it to charles rixie but
veritas didn't know that rixie had it and that it is in in all of his patriotic boots charles rixie
decided that what he would do with this newly leaked document is give it to a bunch of foreigners
that he doesn't even know their names on the internet on twitter
on a social media platform not on proton mail or on signal or some other form of of highly
secured communication on twitter and that's supposed to be a patriot somebody who's trying to save
our grandchildren took the diffuse proposal from the leaker at the at the pentagon and handed it
over to a bunch of anonymous people on twitter so that they could write a report
in a pdf form without metadata oh that's great
and now we're supposed to believe from all these people that the diffuse proposal is real because
now we see that they used enzymes they ordered enzymes but not one of these master biologists
is going to explain to you what's so special about those enzymes how many of those enzymes are
there is it really that hard to do or is it something that any molecular biologist could do
every one of these people knows anybody could do it every one of these people knows it's just
baking cakes they can read the same 1994 reviews that you and i can
they can read all the methodology papers as they start to find better enzymes enzymes that are
more convenient enzymes that have a cut site that's farther away from their recognition sites so they
get even better sticky ends so what it's all the same principle and it's not even as complicated as a
cake and it's so frustrating that these people they must know they they can't possibly not know
that these are not you know this is not JS Bach of coronavirus biology he's not JS Bach of molecular
biology molecular biology has been linking DNA and making unique DNA sequences for 30 years
it's only gotten cheaper and easier that's it about that kevin mccernan is right
but RNA clones are how they do all this RNA clones is how it's always been done RNA clones
allows you to have infectious material where there is none RNA clones allow you to produce
infectious stocks that are near homogenous and you can't do that in any other way what i want
is high morbidity and infectious clones would allow you to set up this perfect scenario
and hide it behind a novel virus
would hide it behind the scooby-doo
listen to the scooby-doo go
um so it's almost unusual to find a pattern like this if we expect it to be
barracks idea that the Wuhan lab was working with
yeah i mean what's really concerns me and Lee is like i've never believed obviously a natural
origin but let me ask you then this chrysal often does this how would you steal man you know you
are reporting what what natural origin hypothesis at this point even bears scrutiny for a seasoned
health care reporter like yourself what would the you know the the critics critics say in response
to this um i know i i feel statewide that's why i'm asking you yeah well i think the
possible coincidence of the pandemic first being detected at the wet market
that i think that story still hasn't been told how is it that that was the first place
where we started detecting cases um wow so holy cow i mean you see it right
this is how deep in the scooby-doo she is this is daphne
this is velma she is barely clinging to the back of a moving truck in the middle of the night
and she's climbing in and she just can't believe she barely escaped with her life
but she figured it out the enzymes are the same enzymes that these guys found in the paper
and in the paper those enzyme sites were spaced evenly to create six pieces
and it's the same way that Ralph Barrick used to build his coronaviruses
and then we found this diffuse proposal where they proposed to put some of these very same
extreme exceedingly rare in nature aspects into the viruses
and these are things that are indisputable now after all of my research
and now she can't fake one of the things that still makes her scratch her head is how is it that
we found cases around that market that's weird so maybe the the lab leak person went to the market
we still got to solve that mystery that's still that's still one mask we haven't pulled off yet
i think the idea that early cases clustered around the wet market is based on um a really
bad analysis i think the idea that uh spillover occurred at that market um is based on an analysis
that was recently uh recently suffered a major correction exactly yeah right so so it's hard
but i i do you know i'll give it to my opponents i guess um and say that i think it is hard to
explain um just given the information that we have the limited information right why it was
the wet market that you know where we first but can't can't we just say that well yeah that's
where the chinese first report of the cases i mean they're the ones who are responsible for
you know they we control the information that we get not like not vice versa it's not necessarily
organic yeah continuing to like occupy the mind space of a virologist who are a natural origin i
would say um some of the first people who detected the pandemic were doctors in wuhan right um
you know i would also say i've done a reporting showing that the doctors in wuhan were censored
very heavily and face a lot of retaliation for early reporting so whether that early reporting
is actually reflective of the earliest cases um i'm not confident in that yeah good great point
and get so i mean given the documents you've obtained in the work that you've done uh
right now uh news outlets are busy submitting their their different articles for for pollencers
you know i think uh i don't even know if us rights know is eligible uh for a Pulitzer i think you
deserve one for the work that's been doing on this yes thank you but i'm i'm curious what it's been
like to see so little mainstream media uh follow up on on this reporting because we're talking about
a pandemic that killed at least 25 million people holy crap what pandemic that
on this reporting because we're talking about a pandemic that killed at least 25 million people
correct oh holy shit upended uh our geopolitics upended 25 million people i heard seven million
once 25 million people wow wow that is impressive wow our politics our economy uh the number of
people who are suffering uh from you know having lived through covid have you know and on and on
is just the damage is incalculable and the evidence points to a small group of people breaking rules
because you know the obama administration had put in place restrictions around this type of
research that they you know went around in order uh in order to do this small group of people
we're talking fewer than a dozen perhaps um doing something not on purpose you know but recklessly
knowing that it was a possibility uh Anthony Fauci in 2014 said that you know the potential
risks outweigh the benefits of this type of research i think that's absurd given uh the
costs that we've endured so what's been like uh from your perspective to see so little uh follow
up at this point the new york times if you only read the new york times you believe that it's
open and shut case and it came out of natural order came out of that in your racist it wasn't bad
and then it was a raccoon dog and i just must even know yeah so what what's been like uh to to know
the opposite and to watch this unfold i mean it's maddening it makes me feel like i'm losing it
a little bit but i mean i think some of the things that are at play are the same things that are
making this show so popular i think the mainstream media is becoming culturally irrelevant um and
to me she is really not good on camera why is she staring at the freaking table all the time
with her swollen fingers i think my theory just kind of coming out of the health reporting space
and knowing kind of the culture and some of the editors who are running the health and science
desks at um these major outlets i think they're friends oh i didn't know that about right as well
it's just personal relationships um and they really admire him and i think they have a hard time
grasping the idea that someone who had good intentions um and who might not be a bad person might have
made a catastrophic error in judgment yeah i mean to me the smoke if you'll remember dal McNeil who
worked for the times he got fired it was a bunch of controversy and he came out later and he's like
look i didn't believe it because i was friends with these guys he literally said that and they
wanted him yeah we have yeah yeah yeah good those really be little screens though i never thought
about that you could have a little screen there with words on it why not i mean how many it could
be like this wide it could have like four i think those are screens right there i didn't even think
about it wow that's scary oh no way that's scary if she's looking at that oh my gosh of them lot like
yeah he came out and is like i've known Anthony Fauci and Peter Dazak for 30 years i believed
them and he's like and i've they misled me and i he's open about it but he can only be open about
it because he hears yes of them like like to friends with these guys he finds you got fired
it was a bunch of controversy and he came out later and he's like look i didn't believe it because
i was friends with these guys he literally said that and they lied to him we have we have the
emails of them like like directly lying yeah he came out and is like i've known Anthony Fauci
and Peter Dazak for 30 years i believed them and he's like and i've they misled me and i he's
open about it but he can only be open about it because he's no longer within the system so i
guess finally you know we can bring this you've effectively solved the case for us but what else
is there like your solve the case what the case is solved the masks have been removed other things
are you going to potentially inquire in can our audience help you what can people point you in
the right direction well your audience can definitely you know follow us obviously i think we're
punching above our weight but we're not in your time so um so that every little bit helps every
follower every subscriber to our newsletter um i think next steps this you know latest document
set i think lays out how SARS-CoV-2 probably got its unique features but we still don't have the
starting genomics sequence and even the guys you know the virologists who very strongly favor a
natural origin have said a smoking gun would be identifying that virus in that lab in 2019 got it
so i think if we can confirm that they were doing this experimentation i mean this is just basic
virology she doesn't understand there's not going to be a virus in a lab unless it was created as a
clone otherwise it'll be a cluster of of of of non-infectious particles that are mixed with
infectious particles that they're passaging from cell to cell the only pure pure thing is the
is the infectious RNA so it's it's unfortunate you know maybe i should try to get her on the
on the show with other binding domains that strong or that binds strongly to um ace two with
something like SARS-CoV-2 that would be i mean game over like truly game over indisputably got it
so i think also one thing the audience could not do is jump in and be like i always knew this
from day one it's such a useless yeah point to make stop it because even if we definitely did
even if you do yeah it's just it's this miss of of all of the the great work that's right that so
many journalists have done to confirm your hunch that's right your hunch i'm sorry youtube audience
your hunch is not worth much that's right now he's right he's right and it's like this is why
we need you to do the work that you continue to do so uh people can follow you on twitter what's
the most helpful way people can help you um i think subscribing to our newsletter us right
to know okay all right well i'll link down that in the description everybody go also support
emily's work follow her on twitter etc and we will see you guys later hey guys if you like that
video go to breakingpoints.com become a premium subscriber and help us build the best independent
media organization on the point premium subscriber the best news media organization on the planet
she says there's another one that we could watch but i'll watch it some other time
i've also got another video a couple other videos queued up i mean it's there's a lot of things to
watch and uh not enough time to watch that all and i'm spending a lot of my time during the day
trying to put together this response to um the clone idea once and for all so that people actually
understand what the clones are about um the contention i'm trying to make and what i'm not
trying to make and so that people can't really pigeonhole us into one particular box like no
virus or something like that um ladies and gentlemen please stop all transfections and humans because
they are trying to eliminate the control group any means necessary this has been giggle and
biological or intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of
augmenting the immune system is dumb transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent because
most of our our academic biologists and all of our doctors should have done known better and if
they didn't known better they should have read a little bit more before they recommended it viruses
aren't patterned integrity that's the way to start trying to understand they're not alive and so
there's certain things that you shouldn't use certain terms that you shouldn't apply to them
and we've been talking about them like they're just species and they're not um an RNA molecule
coated in a lipid lipoprotein code cannot do what they are attributing um this this one to
have done um so somewhere something is very fishy and they want us to um be like emily and think
that we should just accept our Pulitzer Prize for having solved the mystery of the Scooby-Doo virus
and we definitely are not going to accept that prize and we are not going to teach that to our
kids um thank you thank you thank you very much for joining me and thank you very much for sharing
my work i think i finally figured out how to get the video to show up immediately so as soon as
i sign off you should be able to watch the replay or check the beginning if you missed it um thank
you so much um please keep sharing my work please please please please that's the best way for me
to find more subscribers um is for you guys to keep sharing my work i really appreciate it very much
and i will be on again tomorrow because this is my job um i don't know i'm gonna try and do it
earlier actually um and then the night show would be like a bonus but right now um the days are still
i'm not trying to i really want to finish this thing about the clones i think it's really important
so that's what i'm going to be doing um it's giggleonbiological.com and the subscriptions are down below
thank you very much and i will see you again tomorrow